Up until now all the time we wanted a repeating rally.
Well that was one fracture and or hundred pixels or two hundred pixels doesn't matter.
Anytime we had a repeating value we had to manually write it out.
So let's say if we're gonna have 20 columns with each of them a one fraction well when all you guessed
that we would have to type it out.
However we also have a repeat function that can simplify a lot of things for us.
Now what I'm gonna do right now is add over to all my cells lead them.
I don't care about them.
And now let's look at a scenario like I said where we're gonna have a four column layout with 100 pixels.
Now please keep in mind with the repeat function we can use any values whether that is going to be fraction
or pixels it doesn't matter but of course I'm not going to show you with each and every unit.
Let's just imagine the scenario where we have a hundred pixels as our column and I can show you that
yes we could technically manually have that but of course the point of this video is to show you a repeat
function.
Now within the repeat function first thing that we would like to say how many times is going to be repeated.
So whether that's four five three thousand one I don't know million whatever.
I'm going to go with four and then what kind of value would want.
So if I had one one fraction I said I would just type on fraction since the example that I was technically
giving you is under pixels.
And then we're just going to set it up as hundred pixels and hopefully you get an idea where.
Now when we repeating values and now I'm not talking about if we have a hundred pixels then two hundred
pixels the 300 pixels.
Now I'm done by repeating values so if I have some kind of repeating values which a lot of cases is
going to be something like this Let's say one fraction.
Correct.
So then we can just type repeat then how many times it is going to be repeated and what kind of value
is going to be repeated.
And since now we are already experts how to use a repeat function must do the same thing with rows.
So let's say two rows and hundred pixels.
So then we can get rid of these suckers still.
Let's say that.
Now I do have arrows now if you want to see an action let's say 300.
So now both my rows are in fact three pixels.
And that's how we can use a repeat function when working with CSX grid.